Simplify copy example. (#43)
EngineHub/WorldEditDocs: source/api/examples/clipboard.rst

    CuboidRegion region = new CuboidRegion(min, max);
    BlockArrayClipboard clipboard = new BlockArrayClipboard(region);

    ForwardExtentCopy forwardExtentCopy = new ForwardExtentCopy(
        world, region, clipboard, region.getMinimumPoint()
    );
    // configure here
    Operations.complete(forwardExtentCopy);

You may want to :ref:`save <Saving>` the clipboard after this. Note that if you are only copying a clipboard to paste it

> immediately again, you should skip making the clipboard entirely. Instead, pass the target world directly to the

Reviewer: Wouldn't we want to encourage passing an EditSession, not the world itself?

    CuboidRegion region = new CuboidRegion(min, max);
    BlockArrayClipboard clipboard = new BlockArrayClipboard(region);

    ForwardExtentCopy forwardExtentCopy = new ForwardExtentCopy(
        world, region, clipboard, region.getMinimumPoint()
    );
    // configure here
    Operations.complete(forwardExtentCopy);

You may want to :ref:`save <Saving>` the clipboard after this. Note that if you are only copying a clipboard to paste it
immediately again, you should skip making the clipboard entirely. Instead, build an EditSession for the target world and

> pass that to ``ForwardExtentCopy`` - it is capable of copying blocks between any two (or even within one) extent,
> not limited to clipboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pass that to ``ForwardExtentCopy`` - it is capable of copying blocks between any two extents,
or even between the same one, and is not limited to clipboards.
```
